doc(jira dbt): edit for Fivetran style (#4)
fivetran/dbt_jira: README.md

# Jira

This package models Jira data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/jira). It uses data in the format described by [this ERD](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UPq2CWnqQpbjLxkTrcWvAekaZ0o0OdzXODTVmUXeGvs/edit#slide=id.g5f1e6b049a_8_0). 

> > Note: This schema applies to Jira connections set up or fully resynced after September 10, 2020.

Author: ```suggestion
> Note: This schema applies to Jira connections set up or fully re-synced after September 10, 2020.
```
